I heard that Miss Tang is about to join our company
Yeah, I also saw Fonte's teaching assistant today
People say it's a big office
Then let's
Do you have to hurry up and please the future boss lady?
Forget it, people don't like us either
But I guess there will be a good show to watch in the future
You mean it's so dark with a secretary book?
Became a secretary for no reason
Who knows what was done?
Even if you hook up with Mr. Gu, it's useless
Miss Cao will not let him go easily
Let's make a bet
How long has Secretary Cai Lin been kicked out of the company?
You have to be strong inside
You must persevere until Zi Ang recovers
Brother Muchen, why are you looking for me?
beautiful woman
I'm still worried about you doing things for another summer vacation
Why don't you come to the Holy Spirit Group?
I will arrange a 7-seat bird plant for you.
No need, Brother Muchen
I'm doing pretty good.
Yeah, it's fine.
Then tell me what's going on.
This is what I accidentally scalded by pouring water today.
Hilarious you loved you very much
But look at the box every day and night
Isn't this Secretary Lin?
Miss Lin is really getting better and better
Guiming
I advise you to read it for a day
miss
Hmph, it's so affectionate
Hello big man
You dare to touch my stuff
Mr. Gu, I was wrong.
I don't know him at all.
Let's go!
I go